Task:
Characterise a listener's "Audio Aura" based on
the average energy, danceability, and valence of
their 100 top songs of the year.

Answer:
For the sake of discussion, let us assume that the values below are known:
avg(energy) = x,
avg(danceability) = y, and
avg(valence) = z.

Then the task may be reformulated to combining the values x, y, and z to
find a single numerical value of AA. This value AA, in turn, can be compared
to some bands which indicate certain moods.

To calculate AA, a weighted sum of x, y, and z can be used:
AA = a * x + b * y + c * z, where a, b, and c are coefficients, perhaps even
arbitrary for the time being.

To estimate bands for values AA, it is possible to take single songs, which have
a certain mood associated with them, and plug them into the formula to see what
outputs they give. Ideally, songs of similar mood would give close values, so that,
for example, AA = [0, 5] describes slow, melancholic songs, while values AA = (5, 10]
describe cheerful and happy songs.

It might be a good idea to use a somewhat reversed process. First, assign desired bands
of values AA, and then calibrate the formula using a least-squares method to determine
coefficient a, b, c.

Potential drawbacks of the described method come from the adopted formula for AA.
Combining three values into one might result in the loss of information if the coefficients
are not picked carefully enough. For example, if for a hypothecial song 1 terms ax and by
are small while the term cz is very large, the resulting value of AA might end up similar to
that of a hypothetical song 2 which has big terms ax and by and a very small cz. Thus two
songs with different profiles will have a similar AA rating which is less than ideal.

A possible solution is to keep all three values x, y, z separate and to judge the mood of
a song based on them together. My closest analogy would be how personality tests give you
a four-letter result like NVKY or something. The model still needs to be calibrated, but,
hopefully, it will give fewer overlaps between songs with different moods.
